{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5assets\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 16\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 19144\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SERNUM	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sernum\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SERNUM\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BENUNIT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Benefit Unit\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BENUNIT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PERSON	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Person\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PERSON\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ASSETYPE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Asset Type\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ASSETYPE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Current account \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 NS&I Direct Saver \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 NS&I Investment account \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not Used \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Savings, investments etc \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Government Gilt Edged Stock \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Unit/Investment Trusts \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Stocks,Shares, Bonds etc \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 PEP \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 National Savings capital bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 11.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Index Linked National Savings Certificates \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 12.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fixed Interest National Savings Certificates \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Pensioners Guaranteed Bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 14.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 SAYE \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 15.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Premium bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 16.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 National Savings income bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 17.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 National Savings deposit bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 18.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 First Option bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 19.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yearly Plan \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 21.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 ISA \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 22.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Profit sharing \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 23.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Company Share Option Plans \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 24.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Member of Share Club \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 25.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fixed Rate Savings/Guaranteed Income/Guaranteed Growth Bonds \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 GEB \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 27.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Basic Account \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 28.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Credit Unions \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 29.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Endowment Policy Not Linked \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 30.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Post Office Card Account \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 31.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Friendly Society Investment \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 32.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Informal Assets \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SEQ	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Seq\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SEQ\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ACCNAME	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Account type\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ACCNAME\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Sole account \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Joint account \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ACCOVRD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Amount account overdrawn at end of month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ACCOVRD\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 AMOUNT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 SAYE: Amount regularly paid\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for AMOUNT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FSINTP	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Type of friendly society investment\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FSINTP\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Investment bond \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Savings plan \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Both \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 HOWMANY	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Number of shares/bonds/units held\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for HOWMANY\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 HOWMUCH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Value of asset (respondent's estimate)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for HOWMUCH\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 HOWMUCHE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Value of asset (office edit)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for HOWMUCHE\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSUE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether Mainstage or Reissue\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSUE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mainstage \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reissue \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSVAL	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Value of NSC\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSVAL\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pcode: SAYE: amount regularly paid\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Calendar month \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Two Calendar months \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Eight times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nine times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ten times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Three months (13 weeks) \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Six months/26 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 52.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One Year/12  Months/52 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 90.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 95.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One off/lump sum \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 97.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MONTH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MONTH\par }}