{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5chldcare\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 22\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 4051\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SERNUM	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sernum\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SERNUM\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BENUNIT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Benefit Unit\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BENUNIT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PERSON	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Person\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PERSON\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CHLOOK	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Childcare arrangements\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CHLOOK\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Playgroup or pre school \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Day nursery or crèche \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nursery school \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nursery class (attached to Primary/Infants School) \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reception class (at Primary/Infants School) \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Breakfast club \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 After school club/activities \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Holiday scheme/club \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Special day school/nursery unit for children with special ed \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other formal \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 11.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Grand parents \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 12.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Non-resident parent/ex spouse/ex partner \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Child'd brother or sister \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 14.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other relatives \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 15.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Childminder \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 16.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nanny/Au Pair \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 17.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Friends or neighbours \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 18.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other non-relatives (includes babysitters) \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CHAMT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Costs of childcare\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CHAMT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CHHR	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How many hours in last seven days\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CHHR\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CHPD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pcode: Costs of childcare\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CHPD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Calendar month \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 calendar months \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 8 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 9 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 months / 13 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 17.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 School term / 3 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 6 months / 26 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 52.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 year / 12 months / 52 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 90.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 95.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One-off / lump sum \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 97.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None of these \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 CHPDHRS	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How many hours payment covered\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for CHPDHRS\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 COST	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether childcare costs anything\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for COST\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EMPLPROV	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Does employer provide this form of child\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EMPLPROV\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Does not apply - no employer \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY4	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours early education used for Nurs\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY4\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY5	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY6	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY6\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FRECCTY7	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Free hours of early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FRECCTY7\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FREECC	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Does childcare include the free early ye\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FREECC\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't Know \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 19	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 FREECCHR	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Hours of free early years education used\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for FREECCHR\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 20	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSUE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether Mainstage or Reissue\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSUE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mainstage \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reissue \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 21	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 REGISTRD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether registered\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for REGISTRD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Registered \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not registered \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 22	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MONTH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MONTH\par }}