{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5extchild\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 9\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 663\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SERNUM	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sernum\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SERNUM\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BENUNIT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Benefit Unit\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BENUNIT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 EXTSEQ	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Extseq\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for EXTSEQ\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSUE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether Mainstage or Reissue\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSUE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mainstage \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reissue \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NHHAMT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Fees/maintenance for external child\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NHHAMT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NHHFEE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether payments made for external child\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NHHFEE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NHHINTRO	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Any other children outside hh in ft/pt e\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NHHINTRO\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 NHHPD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pcode:fees/maint for external child\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for NHHPD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Calendar month \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 calendar months \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 8 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 9 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 months / 13 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 17.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 School term / 3 times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 6 months / 26 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 52.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 year / 12 months / 52 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 90.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 95.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One-off / lump sum \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 97.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None of these \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MONTH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MONTH\par }}