{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5maint\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 18\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 286\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SERNUM	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sernum\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SERNUM\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BENUNIT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Benefit Unit\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BENUNIT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PERSON	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Person\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PERSON\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MAINTSEQ	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maintseq\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MAINTSEQ\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSUE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether Mainstage or Reissue\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSUE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mainstage \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reissue \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 M	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maintenance payments: anyone else\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for M\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRAMT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Amount of last maintenance payment\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRAMT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRARR1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maint arrangements: Child Maintenance Se\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRARR1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRARR2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maint arrangements: Crt order req resp t\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRARR2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRARR3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maint arrangements: A voluntary FINANCIA\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRARR3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRARR4	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maint arrangements: A voluntary NON-FINA\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRARR4\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRARR5	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maint arrangements: Other\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRARR5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRKID	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Maintenance payment: children covered\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRKID\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRPD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pcode:amount of last maintenance payment\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRPD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Calendar month \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Two Calendar months \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Eight times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nine times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ten times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Three months (13 weeks) \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Six months/26 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 52.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One Year/12  Months/52 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 90.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 95.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One off/lump sum \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 97.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRUAMT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Amount of usual maintenance payment\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRUAMT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRUPD	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pcode:amt of usual maintenance payment\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRUPD\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 4 weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Calendar month \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Two Calendar months \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Eight times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Nine times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Ten times a year \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Three months (13 weeks) \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 26.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Six months/26 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 52.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One Year/12  Months/52 Weeks \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 90.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 1 week \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 95.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One off/lump sum \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 97.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MRUS	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether last maintenance payment usual\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MRUS\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No such thing as usual \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MONTH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MONTH\par }}