{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5owner\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 16\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 11574\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 SERNUM	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sernum\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for SERNUM\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 BUYYEAR	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Year bought accommodation\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for BUYYEAR\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ISSUE	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether Mainstage or Reissue\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ISSUE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mainstage \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Reissue \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHMORT1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether any other loan on this property\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHMORT1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHMORT2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether using this property as security\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHMORT2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHMORT3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether using this property as security\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHMORT3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason for 2nd mortgage: improvements\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason 2nd mortgage: purchase of items\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason for 2nd mortgage: interest rates\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR4	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason for 2nd mortgage: business\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR4\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR5	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason 2nd mortgage: buy out of share\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR5\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR6	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason 2nd mortgage: essential repairs\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR6\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 OTHPUR7	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Reason for 2nd mortgage: other\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for OTHPUR7\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PURCAMT	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Purchase price of house/flat\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PURCAMT\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 PURCLOAN	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Whether one or more loans to purchase\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for PURCLOAN\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 One \par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Two or more \par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 MONTH	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Month\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -9.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 -1.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for MONTH\par }}